[DOCS][8.3] Create CSPM / KSPM page (#2089)
elastic/security-docs: docs/experimental-features/security-posture-management.asciidoc

[[security-posture-management]]
== Cloud security posture management

> NOTE: This feature requires Elastic Stack version 8.3.0 or later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: This feature requires {stack} version 8.3.0 or later.
```

Cloud security posture management (CSPM) and Kubernetes security posture management (KSPM) continuously monitor and compare your cloud and Kubernetes infrastructure against security best practices to help you identify and remediate misconfigurations.

[discrete]
=== Enable security posture management

The steps to enable this feature differ between Elastic cloud and self-hosted deployments.

[[enable-kspm-on-cloud]]
[discrete]
==== Enable KSPM for cloud deployments

> First, enable the KSPM flag for your deployment:

Reviewer: Echoing @nastasha-solomon's comment about making _all_ of these steps numbered, and sub-numbered/alpha. It's hard to follow with actions in different formats, when they're all just steps to follow. Something like:

1. Enable the KSPM flag:
   a. From Kibana main menu, click Manage this...
   b. Under My deployment...
   [ . . . ]
   f. Click Back then save...

2. Navigate back to Kibana...

3. Follow the prompts...

> * From {kib}, open the main menu and click on **Manage this deployment**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* From {kib}, open the main menu and click  **Manage this deployment**.
```

> * From {kib}, open the main menu and click on **Manage this deployment**.

Reviewer 2: This is technically step 1, right? Shouldn't this be a number instead of a bullet? 
```suggestion
* From {kib}, open the main menu and click on **Manage this deployment**.
```

image::images/kspm-1.png[The Manage deployment button]

> 1. Under `My deployment`, select **Kibana**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Under **My deployment**, select **Kibana**.
```

> 1. Under `My deployment`, select **Kibana**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Under `My deployment`, select **{kib}**.
```

> 2. Under "Instances", click the three-dot menu next to your instance, then click **Edit configuration**.

Reviewer 2: @joepeeples correct me if it should be quotes instead of bold -- can't remember what we've done traditionally. 
```suggestion
2. Under **Instances**, click the three-dot menu next to your instance, then click **Edit configuration**.
```

Author: going with bold for now

> 3. Click **Edit user settings** in the upper right of the page.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Click **Edit user settings** in the upper-right of the page.
```

> * Click **Edit user settings** in the upper right of the page.

Reviewer 3: Is this for Kibana?  You can click on similarly hyperlinked text for Elasticsearch and Enterprise Search.
<img width="809" alt="Screen Shot 2022-06-24 at 3 02 54 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/79124755/175648974-1fbe8eb1-d603-4afd-9bd3-711c31c15da5.png">

<img width="815" alt="Screen Shot 2022-06-24 at 3 03 03 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/79124755/175648990-a1f0e388-7ffa-4af2-87f5-2a8a1d36a98e.png">

Author: Yes I think it's got to be the Kibana user settings. Does the way it's written seem like it could mean to click "Edit user settings" next to Enterprise search or Elasticsearch instead?

Reviewer 3: Yep, I would adjust it like so:

. In the Kibana section, click **Edit user settings**.

> 4. Add `xpack.cloudSecurityPosture.enabled: true` to the User settings.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Add `xpack.cloudSecurityPosture.enabled: true` to the user settings.
```

> * Add the following line to the User settings: `xpack.cloudSecurityPosture.enabled: true`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Add `xpack.cloudSecurityPosture.enabled: true` to the User settings.
```

> 3. Click **Edit user settings** in the upper right of the page.
> 4. Add `xpack.cloudSecurityPosture.enabled: true` to the User settings.
> 5. Click **Back** then save your Kibana user settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Click **Edit user settings** in the upper right.
4. Add `xpack.cloudSecurityPosture.enabled: true` to the User settings.
5. Click **Back**, then save your {kib} user settings.
```

> 5. Click **Back** then save your Kibana user settings.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
5. Click **Back**, then save your {kib} user settings.
```

> * Next, click the **Back** button under User settings, and then click **Save** in the lower left corner, and confirm your changes.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Click **Back** then save your Kibana user settings.
```

Reviewer 3: Here are the Kibana instructions if you want to model these similarly: https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/cloud/current/ec-manage-kibana-settings.html#ec-manage-kibana-settings

NOTE: It may take up to two minutes for the changes to take effect.

> Navigate back to Kibana. Open the main menu, then go to the Security section and click **Cloud Security**.

Reviewer: Fairly common way to shorten something like this:
```suggestion
Navigate back to {kib}. From the main menu, go **Security** -> **Cloud Security**.
```

> Navigate back to Kibana. Open the main menu, then go to the Security section and click **Cloud Security**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Return to {kib}. From the main menu, go to **Security** -> **Cloud Security**.
```

> Navigate back to Kibana. On the left-side navigation menu, open the Security submenu. Click on **Cloud Security** at the bottom of the menu.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Navigate back to Kibana. Open the main menu, then go to the Security section and click **Cloud Security**.
```

image::images/kspm-2.png[The Cloud Security button on the main menu, width=160]

Follow the prompts to set up data ingestion.

[[enable-kspm-on-selfhosted]]
[discrete]

> ==== Enable KSPM for self-hosted deployments

Reviewer: Similar thing here with numbered steps:
1. Edit the kibana.yml...
2. Navigate back...
3. Follow the prompts...

> Follow the on-screen prompts to set up data ingestion.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Follow the prompts to set up data ingestion.
```

> Edit the `kibana.yml` file typically found in `/config/kibana.yml/` to include `xpack.cloudSecurityPosture.enabled: true`

Reviewer: A few punctuation suggestions. I think ending a path with `/` could suggest that the last segment is the name of a folder, but I assume it's a file here. 
```suggestion
Edit the `kibana.yml` file (typically found at `/config/kibana.yml`) to include `xpack.cloudSecurityPosture.enabled: true`.
```

> Edit the `kibana.yml` file typically found in `/config/kibana.yml/` to include `xpack.cloudSecurityPosture.enabled: true`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Edit the `kibana.yml` file, typically found in `/config/kibana.yml/` to include `xpack.cloudSecurityPosture.enabled: true`.
```

> Navigate back to Kibana. Open the main menu, then go to the Security section and click **Cloud Security**.

Reviewer: Same as above:
```suggestion
Navigate back to {kib}. From the main menu, go **Security** -> **Cloud Security**.
```

> Navigate back to Kibana. Open the main menu, then go to the Security section and click **Cloud Security**.

Reviewer 2: `Go back` is another alternative. 
```suggestion
Return to {kib}. From the main menu, go to **Security** -> **Cloud Security**.
```

> Edit the kibana.yaml file found in `/config/kibana.yaml/` to include ` `xpack.cloudSecurityPosture.enabled: true`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Edit the `kibana.yaml` file found in `/config/kibana.yaml/` to include ` `xpack.cloudSecurityPosture.enabled: true`
```

> Navigate back to Kibana. On the left-side navigation menu, open the Security submenu. Click on **Cloud Security** at the bottom of the menu.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Navigate back to Kibana. Open the main menu, then go to the Security section and click **Cloud Security**.
```

image::images/kspm-2.png[The Cloud Security button on the main menu, width=160]

> Follow the on-screen prompts to set up data ingestion.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Follow the prompts to set up data ingestion.
```
